HEADER:
HTML5
Take Control — Your Web


NAVIGATION:
Introduction
Showcase
Download
Contact US

INFORMATION:
Build It And They Will Come

The Tech­nology

Imagination, meet implementation. HTML5 is the cornerstone of the W3C's open web platform; a framework designed to support innovation and foster the full potential the web has to offer. Heralding this revolutionary collection of tools and standards, the HTML5 identity system provides the visual vocabulary to clearly classify and communicate our collective efforts.

The Movement

You're excited about HTML5; we are too. You've not just been enjoying the HTML5-powered web already — you're building it! As adoption and inspiration spreads, the web community will find creative ways to apply HTML5 and related technologies, spark trends, and capture best practices. As momentum builds, we hope you bring this logo along for the ride and paint the world orange.

A LOGO IN ACTION

You know that HTML5 badge you've placed oh-so perfectly in your footer? That HTML5 T-shirt turning heads in the office? Those HTML5 stickers on your laptop and that HTML5 logo you shaved into your head? We want to see it! Show us your screenshots, photos, and other creative endeavors and they might end up right here in our HTML5ivers Gallery.


NEWS:
Free Stickers!

Free Information

Please send a No. 10 business envelope to accommodate all three stickers, see below for more details and international shipping.

Make sure to include enough postage to return a sticker pack via U.S. mail. It's less than one ounce, so a standard $0.44 stamp will do if you're in the United States; enclose an international reply coupon (IRC) if you're outside of the U.S. And be sure to send your envelope in soon -- one per person please. Your contact information won't be maintained in any way. Void where prohibited and only while supplies last. We just want to send you stickers. 


FOOTER:
Copyright © 2012 HTML5 VR Inc. All rights reserved. Created by anistar. 




SHOWCASE:
HTML5 relational website

Amzing HTML5

It stands strong and true, resilient and universal as the markup you write. It shines as bright and as bold as the forward-thinking, dedicated web developers you are. It's the standard's standard, a pennant for progress. And it certainly doesn't use tables for layout.

There are various ways to follow the change history for the HTML specifications:


E-mail notifications of changes

HTML-Diffs mailing list (diff-marked HTML versions for each change): http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-html-diffs/latest
Commit-Watchers mailing list (complete source diffs): http://lists.whatwg.org/listinfo.cgi/commit-watchers-whatwg.org

Browsable version-control record of all changes:

CVSWeb interface with side-by-side diffs: http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/html5/spec/
Annotated summary with unified diffs: http://html5.org/tools/web-apps-tracker
Raw Subversion interface: svn checkout http://svn.whatwg.org/webapps/

BLOCKQUOTE:
   HTML5 almost the best way to implement your web application.
   Anistar Sung - The HTML5 Training Book

ADDRESS:
   Anistar lives in Taipei, Taiwan. Contact him at anistarsung@uuu.com.tw.	



